[Workers] Fix accidental code block formatting in start-from-worker.md (#9505)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/sites/start-from-worker.md

## Getting started

1. Create a directory that will contain the assets in the root of your project (for example, `./public`)
2. Add configuration to your `wrangler.toml` file to point to it.

   ```toml
   [site]
   bucket = "./public" # Add the directory with your static assets!
   ```

3. Install the `@cloudflare/kv-asset-handler` package in your project:

   ```sh
   $ npm i -D @cloudflare/kv-asset-handler
   ```

> 4. Import the `getAssetFromKV()` function into your Worker script and use it to respond with static assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Import the `getAssetFromKV()` function into your Worker entry point and use it to respond with static assets.
```

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

>    For more information on the configurable options of `getAssetFromKV()` refer to [kv-asset-handler docs](https://github.com/cloudflare/kv-asset-handler).

Author: Reviewer note: this is the actual fix.

See https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/sites/start-from-worker/#vue-c-3 for the current issue.

> 5. Run `wrangler dev` or `wrangler publish` as you would normally with your Worker project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `wrangler dev` or `npx wrangler deploy` as you would normally.
```
